RHIDP-1908: Documenting the telemetry feature in admin guide (#212)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/assembly-rhdh-telemetry.adoc

[id="assembly-rhdh-telemetry_{context}"]
= Telemetry data collection

> The telemetry data collection feature is enabled by default. {product} sends telemetry data to Red Hat by using the `backstage-plugin-analytics-provider-segment` plugin.

Reviewer: I don't think we should have this on by default until we have a documented approval from Legal. https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-58?focusedId=24806334&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-24806334 contains no such documentation.

> The telemetry data collection feature is enabled by default. {product} sends telemetry data to Red Hat by using the `backstage-plugin-analytics-provider-segment` plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The telemetry data collection feature is disabled by default. If enabled, {product} will send telemetry data to Red Hat by using the `backstage-plugin-analytics-provider-segment` plugin.
```

Reviewer 2: Per the RH supplementary style guide (and IIRC, maybe the IBM one too) we actually discourage using the future tense unless absolutely necessary, so I'd leave this as is, or "If the feature is enabled, {product} sends telemetry data...". See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#will

Reviewer: :as-you-wish:

> The telemetry data collection feature is disabled by default. {product} sends telemetry data to Red Hat by using the `backstage-plugin-analytics-provider-segment` plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The telemetry data collection feature is enabled by default. {product} sends telemetry data to Red Hat by using the `backstage-plugin-analytics-provider-segment` plugin.
```

====

{company-name} analyzes the collected data to understand your interactions with the {product-very-short} application without disclosing your identity and compromising your privacy. {company-name} uses the collected data only for internal analysis and to improve the offerings and your experience with {product}.

This feature collects the following data about your {product-very-short} usage:

* Events of page visits and clicks on links or buttons.
* System-related information, for example, locale, timezone, user agent including browser and OS details.
* Page-related information, for example, title, category, extension name, URL, path, referrer, and search parameters.

IP address and username are anonymized to maintain your privacy:

* The IP addresses are anonymized and recorded as `0.0.0.0`.
* The usernames are recorded as an anonymized hash.   

The username hash is a unique identifier that is used solely to identify the number of unique users of the {product-very-short} application.

> With {product-very-short}, you can customize the telemetry data collection feature and the telemetry Segment source configuration based on your needs.

Author: yes, it is the name of a component in context of Telemetry and the security team emphasized to keep the alphabet S in capital.
